Then you need to record more videos.
At that time, this bad guy who doesn't pick up
Kneeling and begging me to delete the video
You are a very important person.
Presumably there are a lot of human resources in Heijiang City
I would like to ask everyone here to help me find a treasure
This Huang's bracelet
Although I don't know what money
But it means a lot to our Zhang family
Whoever found this bracelet
He is the greatest benefactor of our Zhang family in this life
What clues does Senior Sister have?
No, I've already checked in advance.
This Yellowstone bracelet has been missing for years
Wife, have you seen
Make an impression
These two are a bit familiar
If I remember correctly
You two are not on my guest list
I am Lu Xiao, the second in command of the Black Panther Association
Substitute Tianbao to attend this meeting today
Next to this is my wife Shi Qingxuan
Knife did mention it to me
Then this is me, Gao Luonan from the Gao family
Gao family has never heard of it
I didn't invite overpriced people either
This bracelet
What have I seen?